[DOC] Updated changelog for 1.0 release (#1789)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

> _**notes**_

> > OpenVINO Training Extension which version is equal or older then v0.5.0 does not include the latest functional and security updates. OTE Version 1.0.0 is targeted to be released in February 2023 and will include additional functional and security updates. Customers should update to the latest version as it becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> OpenVINO Training Extension v0.5.0 and older version do not include the latest features and security updates. Please upgrade the package once v1.0.0 is released in February 2023.
```

Author: actually those statement came from the template of the LMC (exceptional approval for releasing with vulnerable dependency) so I'm not sure whether we can change it or not. I will check it again.

Author: @goodsong81 I've added new required statement for this release.

## \[v1.0.0\]

> ### Feature

Reviewer: How about "New Features"?

- Adaptation of [Datumaro](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/datumaro) component as a dataset interface
- Integrate hyper-parameter optimizations
- Support action recognition task
- Self-supervised learning mode for representational training
- Semi-supervised learning mode for better model quality

> ### Enhancement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enhancements
```

Author: Revised.

> - Installation through PyPI - Named as [OTX](https://pypi.org/project/otx/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installation via [PyPI package](https://pypi.org/project/otx/)
```
Not to user OTX term.

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

> _**notes**_
> OpenVINO Training Extension which version is equal or older then v0.5.0 does not include the latest functional and security updates. OTE Version 1.0.0 is targeted to be released in February 2023 and will include additional functional and security updates. Customers should update to the latest version as it becomes available.

## \[v1.0.0\]

### New features

- Adaptation of [Datumaro](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/datumaro) component as a dataset interface
- Integrate hyper-parameter optimizations
- Support action recognition task
- Self-supervised learning mode for representational training
- Semi-supervised learning mode for better model quality

### Enhancements

- Installation through PyPI - Named as [OTX](https://pypi.org/project/otx/)

> - CLI update - Update `find` command to find configurations of tasks/algorithms - Introduce `build` command to customize task or model configurations - Automatic algorihm selection for the `train` command using the given input dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhance `find` command to find configurations of supported tasks / algorithms / models / backbones
- Introduce `build` command to customize task or model configurations in isolated workspace
- Auto-config feature to automatically select the right algorithm and default model for the `train` & `build` command by detecting the task type of given input dataset
```
Could you move last 2 items to new features?

Author: Revised.
